Update install doc to newest Debian (#3957)
Uninett/nav: doc/howto/manual-install-on-debian.rst

Reviewer: This line should be updated as well - we are trying to throw out the `requirements.txt` set of files in this very sprint, and the project dependencies as documented in `pyproject.toml` should be used instead.

In fact, with the modern packaging tools, the `pip install .` command in step 4 should be enough to install all the Python dependencies defined by the project's `pyproject.toml`, so the entire section could be reduced to just the `apt-get` command.

3. NAV/Python dependencies
==========================

Note: Running `pip install` will most likely require you to be running in a virtual environemnt.
A basic one can be created and activated like this::

  python3 -m venv myenv
  source myenv/bin/activate

> 

Reviewer 2: Move this  either below the final apt commands or into section 4.

Also, probably better to call the venv "/path/to/myenv".

To install NAV's Python requirements::

  apt-get install -y libpq-dev libjpeg-dev libz-dev libldap2-dev libsasl2-dev

4. Install NAV itself
=====================

> Note: Running `pip install` will most likely require you to be running in a virtual environemnt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Running ``pip install`` will most likely require you to be running in a virtual environment.
```

(typo, plus this is rST, not markdown, so double backticks are required)

A basic one can be created and activated like this::

  python3 -m venv myenv

>   source path/to/myenv

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  source path/to/myenv/bin/activate
```

>   source path/to/myenv/bin/activate

Reviewer: This should be very consistent (not all users are familiar with how venvs work):

```suggestion
  python3 -m venv path/to/myenv
  source path/to/myenv/bin/activate
```

5. Build the docs
=================

If you like, you can build the complete HTML documentation using::

    sphinx-build

This requires `sphinx-rtd-theme` being installed separately which can be done like this::

   pip install sphinx-rtd-theme

> 

Reviewer: methinks, this is potentially improved by using `pip install '.[docs]'` - that way, if the docs-building requirements change, we don't need to change these instructions, just the `docs` dependency group in `pyproject.toml`

5. Build the docs
=================

If you like, you can build the complete HTML documentation using::

    sphinx-build

This requires `sphinx-rtd-theme` being installed separately which can be done like this::

   pip install '.[docs]'

> Also it needs to be provided 'SOURCEDIR' and 'OUTPUTDIR' arguments for example::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also it needs the 'SOURCEDIR' and 'OUTPUTDIR' arguments, for example::
```

    sudo -u postgres navsyncdb -c

> If using a virtual environment, the relevant path may need to be appended here.

Reviewer: This is a bit vague for those who don't use venvs on the daily.  

If the virtualenv is activated (i.e. sourced into the environment, as per section 4), this works out of the box.  If not, a full path `path/to/myenv/bin/navsyncdb` is needed (but will work, since that script will be tied to the Python interpreter in that venv)
